1) Which of the following is/are an object-oriented programming paradigm?

-> I) Encapsulation
	II) Inheritance
	III) Polymorphism
	IV) Dynamic memory allocation
	V) Class and object
	
Ans : I, II, III and V


2) Which of the following statement(s) is/are correct?

-> S1.: The data, or variables, defined within a class are called instance variables.
	S2: The methods and variables defined within a class are called members of the class.
	
Ans : Both S1 and S2


3) By which of the following, you can create a general class that defines traits common to a set of related items. This class
can then be used by other, more specific classes, each adding those things that are unique to it.

-> A: Inheritance
	B: Abstraction
	C: Polymorphism
	D: Object
	
	
Ans : A: Inheritance



4) Consider a stack(LIFO). You might have a program that requires three types of stacks. One stack is used for integer values,
one for floating-point values, and one for characters. The algorithm that implements each stack is the same, even though the
data being stored differs. However, because of the following concept, in Java you can specify a general set of stack routines
that all share the same names.

-> A: Polymorphism
	B: Inheritance
	C: Encapsulation
	D: Abstraction
	
	
Ans : A: Polymorphism



5) Which of the following OOPs concepts will provide the access control?

-> A: Encapsulation
	B: Inheritance
	C: Abstraction
	D: Object
	
Ans : A: Encapsulation


6) Which of the following access specifiers is/are used when inheritance is involved?

-> I) private
	II) default
	III) public
	IV) protected
	
	
Ans : III and IV -> public and protected


7) Which of the following statement(s) is/are true?
	I) public members are inherited.
	II) private members are not inherited.
	
	
Ans : Both I and II


8) Valid syntax to create an object?

	-> Student obj = new Student();
	
	
9) Which of the following access modifiers has the highest visibility to access members?

 	A: public
 	B: private
 	C: default
 	D: protected
 	
 	
Ans : public


10) If no any access specifier is mentioned then i.e. default access modifier.
	
	
Notes : 
	Local variables are not initialized when they are created at method invocation. Therefore, a local variables must be
	initialized explicitly before being used.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	